We saw event modifiers in the last video, we not only have event modifiers we also have key modifiers.
To demonstrate them,
let me add an input field here. In this input field,
I want to listen to the key up event which obviously is fired whenever the user releases the key and the
key goes up. Here
what I want to do is I want to throw an alert, so I'll call this alert me here and then down there in the
methods property, I'll add the alert me function.
So this shall get executed whenever we type something into this input field
and here I simply want to throw an alert which says alert.
Now this will probably get very spammy,
I save this and I type here and yeah I get alerts,
not really the best user experience. Maybe I only want to send an alert if I submit this,
so if I hit enter let's say. We can add a key modifier for this,
so like before with .stop for the event modifier, a key modifier is also added by adding dot and
then the name of the key,
for example enter. You will find attached to this lecture a list of available modifiers or where to find out
which modifiers exist, .enter exists, you would also have .tap, .esc,
you can also chain them for example by typing .space.
And now if I hit enter, control enter and now I type here, we don't see anything but I hit space,
we saw the alert, I hit enter,
we see an another alert.
This is how we can add our own key modifiers here
and again a link to all the modifiers can be found attached to this lecture.
This enables us to only listen to specific keys but of course, these modifiers are only available for
key related events like key up here, which makes sense I guess.